You are hemorrhaging money every single
time you hit generate. [music]
And the worst part, most creators have
no idea there's a smarter way. Today,
that changes. I'm about to show you how
to unlock 365
days of unlimited GPT image 2.0 and C
Dance 2.0 for a [music] fraction of what
everyone else is paying. Let's go. Let
me be real with you for a second. GPT
image 2.0 [music] and C Dance 2.0 just
hit the market and they are absolutely
shattering every benchmark we've ever
seen for AI generated imagery and video.
The quality, unreal. The problem, the
token costs [music] are brutal. Creators
are burning through hundreds of dollars
just to produce a single polished clip.
[music] I've seen people in forums
talking about spending 50, 70, even a
hundred dollars just testing these
models for one [music] video project.
That is unsustainable. That is a kind of
cost that kills creative momentum before
it even gets started. But here's what
nobody's talking about because most
creators haven't found it yet. There is
a platform that just [music] quietly
launched something that makes all of
that pain completely irrelevant. And
today, you and I are going to walk
through the entire workflow [music]
together step-by-step so you can start
producing cinematic AI video right now
without torching your budget. The
platform is called TopView [music]
AI. The link is sitting right at the
very top line of my description. Not
buried, not hidden, right [music] at the
top. Click it, sign up, and follow along
with me in real time. All right, you're
in the dashboard. Good. Now, before we
touch anything else, I need to stop you
from making the [music] single most
expensive mistake beginners make on this
platform. Every new user does this.
[music] They see the video generator,
they get excited, they start throwing
prompts at it, and they drain their
token balance [music] before they
produced a single usable frame. We are
not doing that. Instead, we are running
what I call the ultimate cost-saving
workflow, and [music] it starts with one
tool that most people completely ignore.
Go to the storyboard section, right
there in the left panel. This [music]
tool is powered directly by GPT image
2.0. And the reason [music] we start
here is simple. Generating a storyboard
image first gives you full creative
control before you ever [music] commit
to a video render. You lock in your
composition, your lighting, your
character details. You eliminate [music]
guesswork, and that means dramatically
fewer failed renders and dramatically
lower token waste. This is how the pros
do it. Now, [music] you are one of them.
I'm going to upload a photo of my own
face right here as the [music] character
reference image. This is what makes the
final output feel personal, cinematic,
and completely unique. Your actual face
rendered inside an AI generated world.
And here is the prompt we are using.
I've spent serious [music] time
engineering this, and I'll paste the
full thing in the description for you.
Just look at that. [music]
Honestly, take a moment because this is
extraordinary.
GPT image [music] 2.0 has reconstructed
my facial features with a level of
fidelity that used to require a
professional [music]
VFX pipeline. The rain atmosphere, the
neon reflections on the wet surface, the
volumetric depth, every single element
is exactly where [music] it needs to be.
But a still image is just beginning. We
are bringing this entire scene to life.
Click on Agent V2 in the left panel.
This is where C Dance 2.0 takes over,
[music] and this model has an absolutely
insane reputation for motion
consistency. No warping, no melting
faces, no AI artifacts, just smooth,
intentional [music] cinematic movement
that holds up at full resolution. We are
pulling our storyboard directly [music]
into the video generator as the base
frame. This is the key step that ties
everything together because when C Dance
2.0 has a [music] high-quality reference
image locked in, the output quality goes
through the roof. We are generating a
full 15-second clip. Here is the motion
prompt. Ultra-smooth cinematic push-in
camera movement starting wide and slowly
drifting forward. The male character
holds a direct, unflinching [music]
gaze into the lens, calm, calculated,
completely in control. The female
operative turns her head in a slow,
deliberate arc scanning the neon city
grid below [music] with sharp focus.
Raindrops strike their jackets and the
rooftop surface with [music] physically
accurate splash dynamics. Neon light
flickers naturally across both faces as
the rain intensifies. Ultra-fluid
[music] motion, hyperrealistic rain
physics, zero warping, zero drift, zero
deformation. Full 15-second duration.
Film-grade cinematic output. Hit
generate and let C Dance 2.0 take it
from here.
Look at the rendering speed. That alone
should tell you something about this
platform's infrastructure. And there it
is, 15 full seconds, flawless. The rain
physics are behaving like real water.
The face is holding completely stable
throughout the entire [music] clip. The
motion of the camera is the kind of
slow, deliberate push you see in studio
productions that [music] cost millions
of dollars to make. There are zero AI
artifacts, zero weird facial shifts,
zero glitching. [music]
This looks like something that came out
of a professional post-production house,
and we made it in minutes on a budget
[music] that most creators would spend
on a single lunch. Now, here's what I
need you to pay close attention to
because this is the part of the video
that will genuinely change how you
operate as a creator. And if 15 seconds
isn't enough, TopView AI has a built-in
multi-scene [music] extension tool. You
can seamlessly extend this exact clip by
adding a new prompt, continuing [music]
the cinematic story without ever
breaking character consistency. But to
do this at scale, you need the right
setup. When you navigate to TopView AI's
pricing page, you'll see [music] they
just dropped their biggest deal yet.
They're running a massive flash sale on
their newly launched ultra plan, [music]
giving you up to 67% off. That brings
the cost down to just $50 [music]
a month. But this offer is strictly
limited. Looking at the live timer on
the dashboard, [music]
there are only about nine days left to
lock in this exact price. When you
upgrade to ultra before the timer runs
out, you receive 365
days of completely unlimited generation,
unlimited GPT image 2.0, unlimited C
Dance 2.0 for an entire calendar year.
Let that land for a second because if
you're building a content operation
[music] at any kind of scale, faceless
YouTube channels, client-facing AI video
services, social media automation, your
effective cost per video on this plan
rounds down to almost nothing. You're no
longer paying per render. You're no
longer watching your token balance like
a hawk every time you hit generate.
You're operating with the creative
freedom that only a flat annual cost can
give you. And if you need burst
priority, faster queue processing when
you're under deadline, they also offer a
flexible credit mode at just 10 cents
per second of generated video. That's
one of the lowest per second rate
anywhere on the market for a model of
this caliber. [music] This is not a
compromise. This is a strategic upgrade.
Stop letting overpriced platforms eat
your margins. Stop letting token anxiety
kill your creative output. [music] The
link to TopView AI is pinned at the very
top of my description. Click it right
now. Grab the ultra plan and start
producing unlimited cinematic content
[music] today. If this workflow just
saved your wallet, hit the like button.
It takes one second, and it means
[music] everything to this channel.
Subscribe so you don't miss the next
deep dive workflow, and I'll see you in
the next one.